# Group-Assignment-Learning-Journal
### Project 1 - Feedback
This part of the assignment was quite simple and I managed to connect with my group without too much issue. The review of the sample apps allowed me to see some good designs and ideas that we could implement into our app and I also wrote my reviews down which could potentially help in the future of the assignment. It took us about 1 hour of in-person meetings and took me about 3 to 4 hours of personal work to complete my part of the project. Seeing sample apps made me feel like I could tell the difference between a good and bad design as well as how to make for a good user experience and interface. There was nothing that I thought I could study more apart from the readings on empathize and define.
### Project 2 - Feedback
This part of the assignment was relatively straightforward and had a lot more to do with discussion with my group. Through that, I got to know the thought process of my group mates better and I feel it helped to improve team dynamics. It took about 3 hours of group discussion in total to finish the document while the exploring of Google Appsheet took 2 and a half hours as Patrik and I wanted to explore the features and undertand it as best as we could. We split up initially into 2 groups to look into Appsheet and Powerapps but also discusssed and decided to individually look at the other app to get a better understanding of both so we could decide which platform to choose. There were lines of code or fomulas found in the sample apps of both Powerapps and Appsheet that were confusing but I found the UI and graphical editing of Powerapps to be familiar having worked with something similar before. I could not really figure out what those formula/code was for so I could look into it to understand it better. It also reminded me of UX and UI concepts I've studied before and I'm confident I should be able to make something user-friendly.
### Project 3 - Feedback
This part of the project was also quite straightforward and we managed to finish it quickly and within 2 meetings. We got to play around with powerapps more while trying to make the test prototype and also found some parts to cut from out original idea due to how complex it would be to make the app later on. I have some concerns that the final project may be rushed due to us only having 2 weeks from the date of submission for project 3. We feel like powerapps was a good choice due to it feeling very intuitive and simple to get into, despite not allowing us to work collaboratively on the project, which hopefully may not be too big of an issue.
### Project 4 - Feedback
This part of the project was the most time-consuming part of the project compared to the others and was also alot more hectic due to my other courses also having many assignments during these last two weeks of the semester. We still managed to get everything done and have almost everything working as intended. Some features also could not be added to our app because of the limited functionality of powerapps as well as some of them also being locked behind the full, paid version of powerapps. All of my group, me included had really hectic schedules full of assignments or work so we had to meet at weird times but we managed to get everything done in the end. Our group dynamic and teamwork was great with everyone pulling their own weight and taking innitiative, as much as possible, given our tight schedules. <br />
As we used powerapps, we were not able to edit the document collaboratively unlike something like a google doc so we had to take turns accessing it while using screenshare to get input. This was not ideal but it worked surprisingly well for what it was. If I had to do  similar project though, I would opt for something which allowed collaborative editing. We also had to learn quite a lot about powerapps online before we were able to make the app as it wasn't covered in lectures, which took up a significant amount of our time. We did manage to get everything to work in the end so I am proud of that, especially with some simple functions being alot more complex than they look to add to our app. As a whole, the entire group assignment was mostly smooth, excluding time pressure, because my group was great and we worked together well.
